Hey, are you listening?
I told you,
the auto-lock door is not functioning!
Don't make me repeat myself!
I told you last week.
Why do you think
I pay such a high management fee?
What?
Stop messing with me.
Come over and check right now!
Do you hear me?
I'm going to kill you!
June in Morioka, Taichi Kanada.
August in Yokohama, Osamu Shimada.
September in Nagoya, Hiroshi Yamato.
Their cause of death is the same.
They were killed by a Cursed Spirit
at their apartment entrance.
And they complained about the same thing
to the management
weeks before their death.
"The auto-lock door is not functioning."
But the other residents
did not have the same problem.
The dates and locations are different.
Could this be done
by the same Cursed Spirit?
Hey.
Is the Cursed Spirit related
to the auto-lock doors?
Can Cursed Spirits
get caught by the door sensor?
I remember that
they are invisible on camera.
It's not the sensor.
It seems like the door operator system
was affected by the Cursed Spirit.
I see.
We can't determine if the incidents were
done by the same Cursed Spirit
based on the residuals
since the incidents happened a while back.
So I looked for similarities
that connect the three cases.
They all attended
the same junior high for two years.
That means they were cursed back then,
and it took all these years to manifest?
Oh, wow!
Yes, that's possible.
That's why we're going
to their junior high
to speak to the victims'
common acquaintance.
I hope you all can discover
something as Jujutsu Sorcerers.
You're amazing, Kugisaki!
Of course.
SPIRIT LIGHT
MORISHITA'S FUNERAL, 11:00 A.M.
Funeral?
Is that where the acquaintance lives?
It is, but…
What a headache.
He died the same way as the other three.
He's living with his parents
and does not have an auto-lock door,
but he's also killed
at the front entrance.
It seems that when he returned home alone,
he told his family the door wouldn't open
even though it was unlocked.
SAITAMA URAMI EAST JUNIOR HIGH
I talked to his parents,
but they were unsure of his relationship
with the other three victims.
That's our only lead!
Don't mind.
There must be some hints in this school.
I hope so.
Anyway, I have an appointment
with a teacher.
-I'll leave it to you guys.
-Understood.
What?
They are bad students for sure.
-Let's beat them up to reform them.
-Why?
-What?
What?
Good day to you!
What? They are quite sensible to me.
My strong aura cannot be suppressed.
We haven't seen you
since graduation, Fushiguro!
-What?
This was my junior high.
This is shocking too,
but that's not the point!
-Look over here!
-What have you done during junior high?
No, it's faster to ask them directly.
Hey, Idiot A and Idiot B,
what did he do to you?
We…
Actually, half of the delinquents
around here
were beaten up by Fushiguro before.
-What?
I beat them up.
Why do you keep stuttering?
-Look here!
-What did you do?
Just what did you do?
Hey!
-What?
Who are you guys?
Outsiders are not allowed to enter.
Who are you then?
He must be a staff here.
Why are you so fierce?
We have permission to enter the school.
Oh, it's you guys.
You all look so young.
Please wear the visitor pass
around your neck.
Wait.
Are you Fushiguro?
Hello.
-He remembers you.
Has he been in this school
for a long time?
I guess so.
Mr. Takeda is a permanent staff.
I'll leave the rest to you, then!
She's neglecting her work duties.
Kanada, Shimada, Yamato,
and now Morishita?
I'm surprised to hear about their passing,
but I can't believe that they have
graduated for almost 20 years.
I still remember them
as if it were just yesterday.
They were not on par with you,
but they were all troublemakers.
What do you want to know?
Were there any strange or bad rumors?
Do they mingle with bad people?
-A troublemaker.
Or did they do anything
that would incur bad karma?
Bad rumors?
They were troublemakers, but no more
than your average junior high student.
Wait. Bad karma…
Could it be that?
Bungee jumping from Yasohachi Bridge.
A and B, you're still here?
Yasohachi Bridge?
A place known for suicides.
It's a famous local hotspot
for paranormal activities.
Right.
It's popular among delinquents
to bungee jump from it.
-It's the so-called bravery test.
-Which tribe do they belong to?
There are many people dumber than me.
How do they get the ropes?
We won't do such a thing.
I only heard it from people
of my parents' generation.
One day,
the four of them skipped school.
It's nothing unusual,
but after contacting their family,
it turned out that
they didn't go home the night before.
It was quite a fuss back then.
Later, they were found lying
under the bridge.
They were scolded badly,
but they insisted that
they don't remember anything.
I think we're in the right direction.
I have been to Yasohachi Bridge.
To do a bungee jump?
Oh, god!
Paranormal hotspots
accumulate curses easily,
just like schools.
So people from Jujutsu High
regularly patrol those places.
There was nothing special back then.
It was just a famous bridge
that everyone uses regularly.
We should go and check it out.
Yes.
Fushiguro.
Sorry, but I have something to ask you.
What is it?
She took care of me
when she was in school.
How is Tsumiki doing?
She's doing well.
Who is Tsumiki?
My sister.
What?
You never tell us anything about yourself!
That's right!
Why don't they…
destroy these cursed relics?
It's because they can't do it.
Not with Special Grades, that is.
They can only halt its life stream
and preserve its existence
with a binding to stop it
from causing more damage.
Sukuna's fingers are harmful too, right?
That's an exception.
After becoming a cursed object,
it is divided into 20 parts.
It's a monster that can
still attract curses after all this time.
That's why Sukuna chooses its vessel.
I see.
So I can choose anyone?
Hey, you…
Is it money you want?
I don't have much money,
but I can take a loan--
It's okay.
He still can't see me in this situation.
He's really lacking talent.
Here, open your mouth.
We're here.
Koinokuchi Canyon, Yasohachi Bridge.
I'll cast the Veil immediately
once a Curse Spirit is confirmed.
Got it!
Hey, sorry to disturb you
although you just woke up.
Can you run some errands for me?
Come on, we can't even
find a trace of the curse.
SPICY COD ROE
I don't feel any residuals or aura.
Really?
Then we might have been wrong.
Let's start over again.
I think we better not waste too much time.
Why not?
That's a famous paranormal hotspot, right?
Someone else could be cursed too.
Furthermore, the death rate
is 100% as it stands.
We can't afford to lose any more lives.
That's right.
Aha!
Bungee jumping
used to be famous there, right?
So wouldn't jumping down be the key?
Did she just say, "Aha"?
Yes, she did!
Itadori has tried that.
What?
Wait! Did you jump
using that vinyl string?
SCREAMING
I found you! That's great!
Fushiguro!
Who's that again?
Fushiguro's junior, right?
-You kept teasing him earlier.
-Oh, right!
You guys were talking about
Yasohachi Bridge.
I'm glad I found you guys.
Fujinuma?
She's my ex-classmate.
She's my sister.
Great. You still remember me.
I told her about Fushiguro yesterday.
My neighbor, Morishita,
had a funeral at their house.
My brother said that
you're investigating Yasohachi Bridge.
I wonder if these
two things are connected?
What do you mean?
I mean Morishita's death and that bridge…
-It's unrelated. We're just…
-I…
I have been to that bridge.
I went there at night
during my sophomore year.
Oh, my…
Did any strange things happen
in your house recently?
For example, a strange feeling that
only you experience at home.
My family runs a local specialty store.
But when I go back alone,
the automatic doors are wide open.
My parents said it was just a coincidence,
but there's definitely something there.
I'm scared.
At this moment, I heard about
Fushiguro investigating this incident.
I recalled the incident
at Yasohachi Bridge.
When did the automatic door
incident start?
Exactly a week ago.
It happens every other day.
It took at least two weeks
for the four victims to die
after the abnormalities started.
There's still some time.
You didn't go
to Yasohachi Bridge alone, right?
Do you recall who else was there?
-So those two incidents are related?
-They are related to automatic doors.
But it has nothing to do
with Morishita's death.
I'm writing a university report,
so I asked them to help me.
It's titled,
"The Impact of Paranormal Hotspots
on Electromagnetic Waves
and Electronic Products."
It's lame, right?
But I want to hear from
as many people as possible.
I hope you can tell me who went with you.
Since I lied, I must save her.
I went there with two seniors in the club.
By the way, Fushiguro,
Tsumiki was there too at that time.
-Tsumiki?
-Fushiguro's sister!
Really? I'll go ask Tsumiki, then.
Well then, I'll send them home first.
Please take over from here.
Is there something wrong?
I can't let you two
go back with a bicycle.
Fushiguro.
Fushiguro!
Fushiguro, snap out of it.
Confirm her safety first.
I'm fine.
I'm sorry. Please excuse me.
I understand the situation.
You need protection for Tsumiki, right?
However, only Grade 2
Jujutsu Sorcerers are available now.
Grade 2?
If the threat is greater than expected,
then we need to reexamine
the level of the curse.
You're probably assigned this task
due to Itadori's growth.
If the threat continues to rise,
even Grade 2 Jujutsu Sorcerers
will not suffice.
It's equally dangerous for all of you.
I would recommend that you retreat first.
What should I do?
Should I go back on my own first?
No, this task is dangerous
even if the three of us work together.
I can't leave it to the two of them.
Mr. Gojo will return next week.
Until then…
No, I can't afford to wait anymore!
If the Cursed Spirit
does not attack proactively
and only activates its cursed technique
within its marks,
then it's useless to stay by her side.
I have to exorcise it now!
Why were you talking to Mr. Ijichi?
Is your sister all right?
She's fine.
The mission is getting more dangerous now.
Other Jujutsu Sorcerers
will be taking over.
You guys can go home.
Wait. Why? We can go home first?
What about you?
I'll say goodbye to Mr. Takeda
before returning.
Come on. Hurry up.
Hello. Is this Ms. Nitta?
I have something to ask you.
It should be the sequence.
Fujinuma didn't walk on the bridge.
The bravery test was done
under the bridge.
Itadori went under the bridge too.
Jumping off the bridge
probably doesn't count.
If the Cursed Spirit is within a barrier,
then the sequence will be important.
It needs to be at night, under the bridge,
and one more condition…
It's impossible to cast a domain
using expanded
and sustained cursed technique.
Which means, this domain
is similar to the unfinished one
back at the detention center.
But this time, it's helpful.
I don't need a Veil.
You never tell us anything about yourself.
That's right.
You're so out of your wits that
you didn't notice us at all.
You don't have to tell us
about everything,
but at least rely on us.
We're friends, right?
Tsumiki…
She is currently in a coma.
The Yasohachi Bridge curse
will only appear in front of the cursed.
Since she can't speak,
there's no way to know
when she'll be killed.
So I want to exorcise it right away.
But it's true that the mission
is more dangerous now.
All right, we got it.
Just make it clear at the beginning.
If the Cursed Spirit is within a barrier,
then the sequence will be important.
It needs to be at night, under the bridge,
and one more condition…
There may be a river under the canyon.
The act of crossing a river or a barrier…
has significant meaning in sorcery.
There it is.
Seems like it will be worth exorcising.
What is this?
Someone's here first.
What?
Fushiguro, that's unrelated
to the curse, right?
Yes.
Then both of you focus on that one.
Let me handle this one.
What? Are you willing to play with me?
-Juju Stroll.
Someone, help! I got robbed!
I run a Chinese restaurant.
I'll treat everyone to a meal as thanks.
You don't have to!
Really? Thank you for your kindness!
This restaurant has been passed down
for four generations.
It was supposed to close
during my father's generation,
but I insisted on
inheriting the restaurant.
I want to pass on the restaurant
and the taste of our food.
-Such a good story.
Thank you for waiting.
This is our signature dish,
fried dumplings set meal.
-I'm digging in!
Thanks for the hospitality.
Guys.
What do you think about fried dumplings
with cabbage fillings?
Well said, Fushiguro!
Although she's a really nice person…
But I think fried dumplings are considered
a vegetable dish, not a meat dish.
Are you serious?